Strengths:–I really liked the overall flow of the SRS document.  It seemed really structuredand the way it was presented in easy language.  It didn’t took much time to gethold of what exactly is demanded in the product.–The SRS was written to the point and points have not been emphasised again andagain to make it look bigger. This made it more readable and easy to comprehend.–They have presented their requirements and have also provided certain notes hereand there (though they were a bit obvious) to make sure that the other teamsdon’t miss those.–Have adhered to the IEEE best practices convention for most of the part.•Weaknesses:–While reading the first part of the document, I got confused in between are wetrying to optimize for the loss function or we are trying to find the minima of thereal function.  This happened since the SRS doc uses the terms function and lossfunction interchangeably and also in the initial part of the report, it was asked tofind minima of any function.–Next problem was in the description of User Interface.  It said that they want aGUI to be implemented, but it was nowhere specified that whether they want theGUI on website itself or they wanted a separate GUI which renders on OS firstand then displays the graph on website.–It was not clear as to how are commands that we want to input through keyboardare supposed to be given.  Is it that user being anywhere on the screen and typesthe commands for them to be performed or is there a specific place like commandbox where he has to enter them.1
–It was not clear as to what do they mean by help tab.  It is nowhere told howdo they want the result of help instruction to be rendered and saying help tab ispretty vague.–Similarly, opening of a drop down menu to choose functions through commandsdoesn’t  make  much  sense  to  me.   First  of  all,  which  drop  down  menu  is  beingreferred  to  here,  is  there  a  form  as  well  besides  using  keyboard  shortcuts?   Ifyes,  it  hasn’t  been  mentioned  anywhere  in  UI.  I  did  what  I  thought  would  beappropriate if we are asked to provide keyboard shortcuts to the user.–Toggling  feature  was  also  difficult  to  understand.   Do  they  want  toggling  thefields through command box or toggling on the form.  The form components hasnowhere been specified but I assumed they want toggling for the form fields.–The list of functions to choose from is not provided, similarly the list of optimizersis not provided.  These cannot be added by the designer and had to be clearlyspecified in the SRS.–There was a slight confusion whether a database is required or not.  They havenot clearly mentioned whether they want a database or not.  They have said newfunctions need not be stored in database but what about data and what is to bedone with the stored data.  Also, there is no mention of database anywhere in thesoftware requirements section
